everyone is Cena and this is the hall
the makeup haul of last weekend for my
anniversary all right to begin we went
to I went to clinique and the clinic
lady is my sister in law's sister and
she was telling me about this awesome
mascara that she had and she said it's
like her holy grail mascara so of course
I have to try it right okay and this is
the highlands mascara it's really neat
what she was telling me about it yeah
it's like when it's green but it's just
like really really neat see how that is
I've tried a mascara before the my
mother-in-law had given me that was kind
of like that it's really well she says
it is just amazing she loves it so we're
going to give that a try and i will do a
review and then we went to or I went to
crossed to the MSA water and i was
looking at Michael Kors I think this is
so funny cuz today when I was out
shopping today I just bought my little
girl Michael Kors sandals really cute so
I might show you that in one of the
other videos ha next haul video ok this
is linked at the box ok starlet peach
203 will show you the pretty case first
missile view all like that just a really
pretty peachy nude color very pretty
such a beautiful nude just barely see
that in once again ok and then I got the
lip gloss to match look how pretty that
is can you see how glittery so pretty
and this lip gloss I'm really really
impressed with I'll put this over top of
ya just looks so good together obviously
it's the same color but I'm really
impressed with the lip glosses they
really remind
me of Chanel I haven't I mean it's been
a long time since I have war estee
lauder and I used to work for este water
and it's been a long time so I'm very
very pleased the fat and then we went to
macys of course this macy's is in its
Charleston Charleston town center some
of you all know the town center it's a
bigger mall it's like three stories or I
guess you could say like two and a half
stories and I went to this macy's has
the Chanel and the origins in yet the
other one has the mac in it so in the
one mic in huntington has the mac so i
go to either one okay went to origins
and got the Oh what is a calm
multi-grain makeup SPF 14 and in medium
does i need a darker color for the
summer since i am doing the vs spot to
be in open it up I've used this I think
twice now it's really pretty and the I
don't know if you can see that but it's
kind of chunky it's really odd I don't
know how that's really going to get
through but it's very chunky I love the
fill out of those it feels really really
airy and light on the skin and then i
bought the brush to go with it which is
the powder foundation brush and oh my
gosh this is like the softest along it
is really the softest brush ever up ever
felt it feels like it's synthetic but it
feels like like a rabbit oh my gosh it's
so soft I leather and then origins
ginger rush she gave me this intensely
hydrating body cream pic 2 plus plays
the fat it's always good to get freebies
all right origins is really good I think
to give freebies there ok then we went
across the counter to Chanel of course
it is my anniversary so I think I can
splurge a little bit on this Chanel and
I got the nymphaeum quad
whoa haven't even looked at it since let
me take all this out oh I love it it's
so pretty you can see that and this is
like a light green like a pale green and
like a peachy pink and then like a
creamy white color like a creamy beige I
guess like a nude and then it might be
moral yeah it's nude and then the brown
really really pretty oh love it so
pretty you know me I gotta have this
shun li quans I love them they're so
beautiful ok so that's oh man I got one
more thing the Aqua Lumiere gloss and I
got this one in candy glow I was looking
at the glossy mirrors because I've seen
a few people go on about the
Philosopher's um the coral reef and this
is exactly this is a little darker but I
like this formula because it goes on
very very smooth it reminds me of the
estee lauder lip gloss actually so of
course I think this might be a little
more expensive and i will swatch it yeah
this is pretty it's definitely more of a
peachy orange and aqua coral compared to
that estee lauder 12 de este letters on
the bottom there and this at the top
here is the mission ale candy glow
pretty oh so pretty ok so that by
conveyor and then for a freebie I
entered a contest because if you spend
so much money on things like sixty
dollars and in one receipt then you get
like a chance to win sex and city
tickets which I'm not seeing yet but
probably gonna have to go by myself
because I know how people not go with me
but also got a freebie and it's this
cute little wallet case it's really neat
it's got like you know all these little
things and then it also has the case for
your cell phone so I love that idea I
don't know if I haven't seen any like
that
that just holds it all in one I think
that would be really nice imma have to
start carrying that around it's really
not really cute okay and then finally I
went to trade secrets and I could not
decide I've seen so many go so many
people go on about the SE some of the
graves and some of the Browns and you
know these different colors I couldn't
decide so i got the SD wedding
collection and let's say the colors are
petal pink show me the ring main squeeze
walk down the aisle see if you can see
all four of those colors so you've got
like a white feel like a white and a
pink I thought that would be cute on
toes and then like this grey like put it
you're decent grey and then you've got
like this parolee color really pretty
then I got the resort collection sort
collection and the colors are a playa
del platinum playa del platinum a lapis
of luxury splash of grenadine and
turquoise in Kyoko's I'll probably sit
that so wrong anyway so you got like a
grain of turquoise on that side and then
a blue and like a raspberry and that's
odd really really pretty so yeah so I
think I did pretty good for the
anniversary weekend so I look for
another hall coming very soon and I'll
show you all those cute cool shoes that
I got Zoey thanks a bunch bye